Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
Well, we're here again.
We're going to do another prayer video for you.
It's Brandon and Diana, the dynamic duo.
We want to tell you a quick testimony.
Braden was a part of it.
Diana was pregnant with our third child and we were just getting off work and headed home.
Our truck—we had an old truck that the gas gauge was broken on.
Whenever you were out of gas, you were out of gas; you just didn't know because the gas gauge didn't work.
I would always try to keep it full, but when you're running low on money, you can't always keep a big truck like that full of gas.
I didn't realize how low we were, so we were just driving down the road, going down I-35 in Oklahoma, going down I-35, and all of a sudden the engine just turned off.
It started sputtering and it just turned off.
I thought, 'Oh no.
' Diana was sitting there pregnant, the two kids were in there, and it was hot.
The air conditioner didn't work and it was probably around 100 degrees.
It was very, very hot.
I started praying in the spirit, grabbed the wheel, and was just like, 'God have mercy,' because we were on the highway in the middle of nowhere.
It seemed like people were driving fast and I thought I'd have to get out and walk to the gas station several miles away.
I told Diana, 'I'm going to go,' even though we were far out in the country with no exits near.
We were going through hills and flat plains and it was so hot.
The kids were in the back seat, we were in the front, and when the car just turns off, fear hits you.
I had my beautiful wife and two kids, she's pregnant, there's no air, it's 100 degrees, and I have to roll down these windows and walk for help.
So I pulled off on the shoulder and all of a sudden I just started praying in the spirit.
I told her, 'You need to pray in the spirit.
Help me, let's pray.
' Even Braden, little as he was, was praying in the back seat.
Megan was sitting in the back seat fussing already because she was already really overwhelmed with autism, and it was rough and hot.
Braden started praying, we all started praying, and all of a sudden we felt like we got hit from behind.
It shook the whole truck.
It was a boom.
I jerked, looked in my rearview mirror, and looked behind us thinking somebody just rear-ended us.
It jolted us so much.
The Lord allowed me at that time to see in the spirit, and I saw this massive angel with huge wings, like Angels in the Outfield.
A massive wingspan.
He grabbed ahold of that tailgate and smiled at me with these huge chubby cheeks.
He grinned from ear to ear and started pushing our truck down the highway.
It was all supernatural because the truck was off.
How I had power steering or any kind of control over an off truck is still a miracle to me.
When it first happened, I thought the car was doing some kind of sputter because I felt the jerk, but then I felt us accelerating again.
That's when Brandon saw what he saw and I was like, 'Praise God!
' Well, we started picking up speed.
It accelerated.
We went from zero to 70 miles per hour just like that.
I had to turn my blinker on to re-enter the highway because we were going with such momentum.
It wasn't slow; we started passing people in the left-hand lane.
We were going so fast with that angel pushing us to the gas station that we started passing people in the fast lane.
I looked and said, 'Hey, are you putting your foot on the gas?
' He lifted his foot and said, 'I'm not pushing on it at all.
' You could feel the car accelerating and the breeze blowing into the truck from the speed.
I had my hazard lights on because I'm thinking people need to know.
We were laughing and rejoicing in shock.
It was very surreal.
The angel was grabbing ahold of the tailgate, smiling from ear to ear, and I could feel it.
It's one of those moments where you go, 'Am I dreaming?
Is this really happening?
' Braden is praying in the spirit and I'm saying, 'Pray louder, pray louder!
' He's yelling in tongues, Diana's praying in tongues, and we're going faster and faster.
We weren't breaking the law, but we went from nothing to probably 70 miles per hour passing people.
We went two and a half miles all the way down, exited the highway, and came to a stoplight.
He stops the truck at the red light, we turn right, and he pushes the truck again through the stoplight.
We went down another couple blocks, turned right again, and he pushed us all the way until we were in front of the gas station pump.
He yanked the tailgate and stopped the truck right in front of the gas pump.
Other people were pumping gas and we started screaming at the top of our lungs, 'Glory to God!
' All the people at the gas pumps were looking at us like, 'What's going on?
' because our windows were down.
We were in such shock and awe at what God did.
When we got to the gas station, we were just yelling, hooting, and hollering, celebrating what Jesus just did for us.
Getting us off the highway, passing cars, getting us through the stoplights...
I still look back and go, 'But God.
' When we got to the pump, the angel disappeared.
I put gas in the truck and everybody around us just looked at us like, 'Why are they screaming?
' but we were just rejoicing.
Braden will never forget it.
It's amazing.
When something like that happens and you're believing for a miracle, you think, 'Lord, how's it going to come through?
' But God, in the least expected way.
We weren't expecting that at all.
It was just shock and awe.
I remember passing a person in a little white car and thinking, 'They don't even know.
' And how I had control over the power steering—it wasn't in neutral, it was still in drive.
There was no engine sound.
You still try to calculate it and say, 'How did that happen?
' But God.
When you try to wrap your mind around the supernatural, you can't; the natural man perceiveth not the things of the Lord.
Even whenever He's doing something so big and so mighty, you're trying to put your intellect to the supernatural and figure out how He did that.
I know the angels are real.
I believe with all my heart what He said in Psalm 91: He sent His angels to protect us.
But when you actually have an experience that defies the laws of everything...
cars don't go down the road fast with the engine off.
You go back and try to make sense of it in the natural, kind of like when she was not having any pain in birth.
We believe for big, but when big shows up, it shakes you.
I thought about whenever the children of Israel saw the sea open up, or the cloud by day and the fire by night.
Whenever we have some kind of supernatural manifestation take place, it shakes you.
I don't know if any of you have had some kind of demonstration of the glory in your household; you probably can testify to it too, because I know He's not just done it for us.
People all over the world have things happen for them too.
I just thought I would tell you all to believe God again for big.
Don't settle for second best; believe God for the best, exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
That was just one testimony of many we've had.
Paisley praying for the dead dog, visitations, healings...
but that one stands out.
When you're having a hard day and you're out of gas, He cares.
I know that if you believe, it will happen.
He is not a respecter of persons, but He is a respecter of faith and a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
I continue every day to put God first and we practice His presence.
I talk to the Father like I'm talking to Diana right now.
We do not act like God is 'thee' and 'thou,' super hyperspiritual.
I talk to Him like He's my friend.
I don't talk to Him as, 'Oh thou lovest me,' the way people act so religious.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
God spoke to me one time and said, 'Diana, I'm not an algorithm to be figured out.
' So stop putting God in a box.
When we expect Him to move, we don't control how He does it.
You can't do what you did before to get Him to do it again.
You cannot box God in thinking you can control Him.
A lot of people try to do that.
They camp at an experience they had when they were 17, thinking they can get Him to do the same exact thing by doing exactly what they did—singing this song, fasting for 24 hours, taking communion.
It's foolish.
I've tried to do it, but it's in times when you least expect it that He shows up.
When He shows up, it's because He has a word; He's wanting to say something.
It's like what Roberts said: God does not speak just to hear Himself talk.
He speaks to make real things happen in a real world.
I love that.
Oral Roberts was amazing; he walked with the Lord.
A lot of people say, 'Brandon, how did you have these visitations and these things in the spirit realm?
' I can honestly tell you it's just by a daily relationship.
Every day, the mundane; you seek Him on a day-to-day basis and build relationship like building blocks.
In consistency lies the key.
It's like when your husband brings home roses; it's not about what you did, it's just the relationship.
It takes years to the point where you expect it.
I expect Him to move in my life.
I go, 'Hey Lord, how are you doing today?
' It's a dialogue, not a monologue.
Don't always anticipate Him to say the same thing.
I'm always looking for a new answer.
When you start dishonoring Him as cookie-cutter, you're not going to have a relationship with Him.
We were praying about some investments and He told my wife, 'Tell him I have millions of ways to get you the money.
' When I was talking to Him about finances, He said, 'Diana, there's not really anything you can mess up in that area because I've got millions and billions of ways to get you the money you need for your family.
' I was limiting Him to one certain area, but God has infinite avenues.
When you think it has to be through a certain avenue, you're limiting God.
We pray about things all the time.
If you miss the boat, all's not lost; He'll send a new one.
Take the care out of your prayer and lay it at His feet.
Philippians 4:6-8 says: 'Be careful for nothing; but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.
' There is a key: being thankful, not full of care concerning your finances, health, or marriage.
Let your requests be made known to God.
I'm not going to worry about tomorrow.
Whenever He's telling you to do something, you need to be obedient.
The willing and the obedient eat the good of the land.
Following His voice on a day-to-day basis.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
As long as you're keeping your eyes upon Him, you're not big enough to mess your life up.
You're not big enough to derail your life.
What the devil meant for bad, God said He'll turn it around for good.
No matter how much you think you've messed up, He knows how big the mistake is.
But God.
What the devil meant for bad, God said He'll turn it around for good in your favor.
I just want to encourage you all today: believe God for big.
If you stumble and fall, pick yourself back up and keep going.
God's got a million and one ways to bring you out of the hole you're in.
He'll come through in ways you can't even imagine.
He can invent a new way that no one's ever seen or heard.
I hope that blessed you all.
Your best days are right in front of you.
His mercies are new every morning and great is His faithfulness.
The best is yet to come.
There are great days for the body of Christ and it's not all doom and gloom.
Regardless, we win.
He has overcome the world, and we have overcome the world by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
No matter how dark it may get, God has provided a way out of every single thing.
He supplies all your needs.
Some people need healing or are believing for something that seems impossible—a court order, something with judges or lawyers.
He's going to come through.
So we're going to take communion and believe God with you today for your healings.
We're going to reach out in faith and latch onto the hem of His garment.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for healings and manifestations of the glory.
We believe that Jesus is coming soon.
I know it in my spirit that we are in the last seconds.
I believe these are the days of great revival.
By the stripes of Jesus we're healed and when we lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
Freely we've been given, freely we give.
We take this body right now and thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, and with Your stripes we are healed.
We take the blood and make much of it, for the blood makes much of us.
We are seated with You far above all principalities and powers.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
We believe for divine protection and divine provision.
No weapon formed against you is going to prosper.
We condemn the words that people speak against us; they will fall to the ground and not bear fruit in our life.
We believe in the blessing and the covenant.
We apply the blood over our lives.
Now, Lord, we lift up Elon Musk.
I believe that he will be born again in Jesus' name.
We call him saved.
Satan, take your hands off of him.
Lord, You commissioned me to pray for Elon Musk every day for 20 days and I believe he is radically born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
I thank You that he will be a loud mouthpiece for Your kingdom, using his celebrity to tell people about Jesus.
I thank You that his family would know You.
We call any Jezebel women to be removed in the name of Jesus, not to be a hindrance to his soul being saved.
We thank You, Lord, that You're putting people across his path to speak life into that man, that he would have a supernatural encounter with the Lord Jesus Christ.
I thank You that he will use the technology for the glory of God.
Starlink will be used to spread the gospel throughout the whole world.
We think bigger—that he would be a voice piece bigger than Billy Graham in these last days, a beacon of light shining in the darkness.
I believe for Hollywood to have a wave of the glory hit the influencers, from the Kardashians to the Kanyes to all of them.
From Tom Cruise getting out of Scientology to people with huge platforms starting to decree 'Jesus is Lord.
' I believe for every single person here for everything they need.
We call them healed and well.
People are delivered from addictions—fentanyl, heroin, meth.
We believe today is the day of their deliverance.
Their marriages are strong and have peace.
Now, Lord, we lift up President Trump to You for supernatural protection.
No weapon formed against him will prosper.
We put angels around him and his family.
We cover a hedge of protection over our nation.
I pray a hedge of protection around the people that go to the Thanksgiving Day Parade.
We take authority over demonic spirits and thank You that all hidden things be revealed to the FBI, Homeland Security, and the CIA.
No casualties on the Thanksgiving Day Parade or Black Friday shopping.
We call protection over the malls and New Year's Rockin' Eve.
No terrorist attacks.
I've already been praying over Nashville, New Orleans, and Las Vegas for all plans to be revealed.
Father, I thank You for Israel, that there's peace over Jerusalem.
And I know what You showed me about them striking oil; I thank You that it will not affect our gas prices.
We have wisdom and it will not affect us.
We thank You for creative ideas to get wealth.
We are blessed in the city and in the field.
Supernatural provision will come over us.
Father, I thank You for the avenues You speak to us.
This is a time to have overflow.
Do you want to pray?
I saw someone getting healed of cysts on their ovaries.
Speak to it right now!
Cysts, go in Jesus' name!
We apply the blood over their bodies that they will be able to conceive.
I thank You, Lord, that their ovaries function and their fallopian tubes function as they should.
Irregular periods—body, line up with the word of God.
We apply the blood of Jesus over irregular periods; they will be regular like a clock.
Hormones, line up.
We call restoration over the glands and the mind.
Over the thyroid.
They will not be painful cycles anymore.
Torment, go!
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Your body will ovulate like it's supposed to.
It will be revealed to you when there's the right time to conceive.
Over your husband's seed, his body, I pray that it produces what they need.
Seed count, go up and produce like it's supposed to.
Prostate, you are no longer in pain and swollen.
Let the eggs release like they're supposed to.
Supernatural childbirth.
Twins, triplets—whatever their hearts desire.
We call healing and deliverance over their livers, kidneys, and an overhaul from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Well, we just want to say thank you for joining us today.
We hope this broadcast blessed you.
If you could like our videos and subscribe, we're believing for a million people to pray with us every day.
Click the notification bell and comment something nice; it helps us with the algorithm.
We're so excited you're here.
We believe Jesus is a healer.
We believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit and the evidence of speaking in other tongues.
We believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
It's your day to have a miracle and walk in blessing and prosperity.
Jesus paid the price for us to have it.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart because Jesus loves you and we love you.
We will see you all again tomorrow.
God bless you and have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.